# cppnginfo

`cppnginfo` is a command-line tool designed to copy the `Parameters` metadata (officially known as `pnginfo`) from one PNG image generated by the Stable Diffusion Web UI to another PNG image. This tool allows you to transfer metadata information between images without altering the actual image data.

## Installation

To use `cppnginfo`, you can install it directly from its GitHub repository using `pip`. Please make sure you have Python and `pip` installed on your system.

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/ShinChven/cppnginfo.git
```

## Usage

After installing `cppnginfo`, you can use it to copy the `Parameters` metadata from one PNG image to another.

### Command Syntax

```bash
cppnginfo <source_image> <target_image>
```

- `<source_image>`: The path to the source PNG image containing the `Parameters` metadata.
- `<target_image>`: The path to the target PNG image where you want to copy the metadata.

### Example

```bash
cppnginfo source.png target.png
```

This command will create a new PNG file named `target-pnginfo.png` with the copied `Parameters` metadata from `source.png`.

## Uninstallation

If you ever need to uninstall `cppnginfo`, you can do so using `pip`:

```bash
pip uninstall cppnginfo
```

This will remove the `cppnginfo` command-line tool from your system.

## Contributing

If you encounter issues, have suggestions, or want to contribute to the development of `cppnginfo`, please feel free to open an issue or create a pull request on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ShinChven/cppnginfo).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
